[PL-55258] PL 1.45.x Release Notes (#7292)
harness/developer-hub: release-notes/platform.md

- POST api/resourcegroup/filter
- GET api/resourcegroup

## July 2024

### Version 1.45.5<!-- July 9, 2024 -->

#### New features and enhancements

> The `terminationGracePeriodSeconds` for delegates has been increased from 10 minutes to one hour. This enhancement allows delegate pods to wait up to an hour before being forcibly terminated during regular scale-downs or upgrades, ensuring smoother transitions and minimizing potential disruptions. (PL-51534, ZD-63917)

Reviewer: Does this change require a new delegate image? Were there delegate items for 1.44.x?

Author: I am not sure @brian-f-harness , Maybe @nataraja2018 will have an idea about it.

Author: I don't see any tickets in the delegate dependent changes section - https://harness.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/PD/pages/21871788054/NG+Release+SAAS+June+22nd+2024+for+1.44.x-+Build

> Added support for Harness Secret Manager decryption for notifications. Harness-managed secrets used in notifications are now decrypted using harness-manager, enhancing security and functionality. (PL-41880)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added support for Harness Secret Manager decryption for notifications. Harness-managed secrets used in notifications are now decrypted using Harness Manager, enhancing security and functionality. (PL-41880)
```

#### Fixed issues

> Connector could be deleted even if it had existing secrets. This issue has been resolved, and now the AWS Secret Manager Connector cannot be deleted if it contains existing secrets. (PL-52067, ZD-65772)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Connectors could be deleted even if they had existing secrets. This issue has been resolved, and now AWS Secret Manager Connectors cannot be deleted if they contain existing secrets. (PL-52067, ZD-65772)
```

Public access on resources was not functioning correctly when a project had multiple public resource types. Only the first resource type marked as public was registered internally in Access Control. This issue has been resolved. Now, public access is correctly registered for all resource types marked as public within a project, ensuring that every public resource type works as expected. (PL-51797)

SSH type deployment errors were not providing clear information, and delegate tasks continued beyond the maximum broadcast rounds. The issue has been resolved by failing the delegate task after the maximum broadcast rounds are completed. A correct error message will now be displayed to improve clarity. (PL-51241)

The **Explore Plans** button failed to redirect to the Plans page. Resolved the button routing issue to ensure the **Explore Plans** button now correctly redirects to the Plans page. (PL-49190, ZD-62009)

> New users accepting an invitation and landing on the get-started page encountered a 404 error. Resolved an issue where new users added to an account were directed to a non-existent page under the new navigation. New users will now be redirected to the correct page upon accepting an invitation. (PL-51173) 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
New users accepting an invitation and landing on the Get Started page encountered a 404 error. New users will now be redirected to the correct page upon accepting an invitation. (PL-51173) 
```

- POST api/resourcegroup/filter
- GET api/resourcegroup

## July 2024

### Version 1.45.5<!-- July 10, 2024 -->

#### New features and enhancements

The `terminationGracePeriodSeconds` for delegates has been increased from 10 minutes to one hour. This enhancement allows delegate pods to wait up to an hour before being forcibly terminated during regular scale-downs or upgrades, ensuring smoother transitions and minimizing potential disruptions. (PL-51534, ZD-63917)

Added support for Harness Secret Manager decryption for notifications. Harness-managed secrets used in notifications are now decrypted using Harness Manager, enhancing security and functionality. (PL-41880)

> Modified the unique index for delegate token names. The default token name in each scope will now be `default_token` instead of `default_token_org/project`. This change applies only to new projects and organizations; existing projects and organizations will retain their current token names. (PL-51151)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Modified the unique index for delegate token names. The default token name in each scope will now be `default_token` instead of `default_token_org/project`. This change applies only to new projects and organizations; existing projects and organizations will retain their current token names. This item requires Harness Delegate version 24.07.83404. For information about Harness Delegate features that require a specific delegate version, go to the [Delegate release notes](/release-notes/delegate). (PL-51151)
```
